cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind _locale_t stuff
cannot bind _locale_t stuff
cannot bind _locale_t stuff
cannot bind _locale_t stuff
cannot bind _locale_t stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
no support for function pointers atm
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
no support for function pointers atm
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
no support for function pointers atm
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
no support for function pointers atm
no support for function pointers atm
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
cannot bind unamed stuff
no support for function pointers atm
no support for function pointers atm
no support for function pointers atm
no support for function pointers atm
no support for function pointers atm
no support for function pointers atm
cannot bind unamed stuff
{   'AccountID_t': Object(cpp_type='AccountID_t',
                          name='',
                          const=False,
                          array_size=0,
                          kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                          is_pointer=False,
                          handwritten=False,
                          enums=[],
                          properties=[],
                          methods=[],
                          size_for=None,
                          buffer_size=None,
                          is_buffer=False),
    'CSteamID': Object(cpp_type='CSteamID',
                       name='',
                       const=False,
                       array_size=0,
                       kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                       is_pointer=False,
                       handwritten=False,
                       enums=[],
                       properties=[],
                       methods=[   Method(_name='Set',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='void',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.VOID: 0>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                     'int',
                                                            name='unAccountID',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False),
                                                     Object(cpp_type='EUniverse',
                                                            name='eUniverse',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False),
                                                     Object(cpp_type='EAccountType',
                                                            name='eAccountType',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False)],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='InstancedSet',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='void',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.VOID: 0>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                     'int',
                                                            name='unAccountID',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False),
                                                     Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                     'int',
                                                            name='unInstance',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False),
                                                     Object(cpp_type='EUniverse',
                                                            name='eUniverse',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False),
                                                     Object(cpp_type='EAccountType',
                                                            name='eAccountType',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False)],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='FullSet',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='void',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.VOID: 0>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                     'long '
                                                                     'long',
                                                            name='ulIdentifier',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False),
                                                     Object(cpp_type='EUniverse',
                                                            name='eUniverse',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False),
                                                     Object(cpp_type='EAccountType',
                                                            name='eAccountType',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False)],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='SetFromUint64',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='void',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.VOID: 0>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                     'long '
                                                                     'long',
                                                            name='ulSteamID',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False)],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='Clear',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='void',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.VOID: 0>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='ConvertToUint64',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='uint64',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='GetStaticAccountKey',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='uint64',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='CreateBlankAnonLogon',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='void',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.VOID: 0>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[   Object(cpp_type='EUniverse',
                                                            name='eUniverse',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False)],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='CreateBlankAnonUserLogon',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='void',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.VOID: 0>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[   Object(cpp_type='EUniverse',
                                                            name='eUniverse',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False)],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='BBlankAnonAccount',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='BGameServerAccount',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='BPersistentGameServerAccount',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='BAnonGameServerAccount',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='BContentServerAccount',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='BClanAccount',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='BChatAccount',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='IsLobby',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='BIndividualAccount',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='BAnonAccount',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='BAnonUserAccount',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='BConsoleUserAccount',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='SetAccountID',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='void',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.VOID: 0>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                     'int',
                                                            name='unAccountID',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False)],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='SetAccountInstance',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='void',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.VOID: 0>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                     'int',
                                                            name='unInstance',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False)],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='GetAccountID',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='AccountID_t',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='GetUnAccountInstance',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='uint32',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='GetEAccountType',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='EAccountType',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='GetEUniverse',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='EUniverse',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='SetEUniverse',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='void',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.VOID: 0>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[   Object(cpp_type='EUniverse',
                                                            name='eUniverse',
                                                            const=False,
                                                            array_size=-1,
                                                            kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                            is_pointer=False,
                                                            handwritten=False,
                                                            enums=[],
                                                            properties=[],
                                                            methods=[],
                                                            size_for=None,
                                                            buffer_size=None,
                                                            is_buffer=False)],
                                          overload_suffix=''),
                                   Method(_name='IsValid',
                                          return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                             name='',
                                                             const=False,
                                                             array_size=-1,
                                                             kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                             is_pointer=False,
                                                             handwritten=False,
                                                             enums=[],
                                                             properties=[],
                                                             methods=[],
                                                             size_for=None,
                                                             buffer_size=None,
                                                             is_buffer=False),
                                          params=[],
                                          overload_suffix='')],
                       size_for=None,
                       buffer_size=None,
                       is_buffer=False),
    'CSteamID *': Object(cpp_type='CSteamID *',
                         name='pOutSteamIDMembers',
                         const=False,
                         array_size=-1,
                         kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                         is_pointer=True,
                         handwritten=False,
                         enums=[],
                         properties=[],
                         methods=[],
                         size_for=None,
                         buffer_size=None,
                         is_buffer=False),
    'EAccountType': Object(cpp_type='EAccountType',
                           name='EAccountType',
                           const=False,
                           array_size=0,
                           kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                           is_pointer=False,
                           handwritten=False,
                           enums=[   ('k_EAccountTypeInvalid', 0),
                                     ('k_EAccountTypeIndividual', 1),
                                     ('k_EAccountTypeMultiseat', 2),
                                     ('k_EAccountTypeGameServer', 3),
                                     ('k_EAccountTypeAnonGameServer', 4),
                                     ('k_EAccountTypePending', 5),
                                     ('k_EAccountTypeContentServer', 6),
                                     ('k_EAccountTypeClan', 7),
                                     ('k_EAccountTypeChat', 8),
                                     ('k_EAccountTypeConsoleUser', 9),
                                     ('k_EAccountTypeAnonUser', 10),
                                     ('k_EAccountTypeMax', 11)],
                           properties=[],
                           methods=[],
                           size_for=None,
                           buffer_size=None,
                           is_buffer=False),
    'EFloatingGamepadTextInputMode': Object(cpp_type='EFloatingGamepadTextInputMode',
                                            name='EFloatingGamepadTextInputMode',
                                            const=False,
                                            array_size=0,
                                            kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                            is_pointer=False,
                                            handwritten=False,
                                            enums=[   (   'k_EFloatingGamepadTextInputModeModeSingleLine',
                                                          0),
                                                      (   'k_EFloatingGamepadTextInputModeModeMultipleLines',
                                                          1),
                                                      (   'k_EFloatingGamepadTextInputModeModeEmail',
                                                          2),
                                                      (   'k_EFloatingGamepadTextInputModeModeNumeric',
                                                          3)],
                                            properties=[],
                                            methods=[],
                                            size_for=None,
                                            buffer_size=None,
                                            is_buffer=False),
    'EGamepadTextInputLineMode': Object(cpp_type='EGamepadTextInputLineMode',
                                        name='EGamepadTextInputLineMode',
                                        const=False,
                                        array_size=0,
                                        kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                        is_pointer=False,
                                        handwritten=False,
                                        enums=[   (   'k_EGamepadTextInputLineModeSingleLine',
                                                      0),
                                                  (   'k_EGamepadTextInputLineModeMultipleLines',
                                                      1)],
                                        properties=[],
                                        methods=[],
                                        size_for=None,
                                        buffer_size=None,
                                        is_buffer=False),
    'EGamepadTextInputMode': Object(cpp_type='EGamepadTextInputMode',
                                    name='EGamepadTextInputMode',
                                    const=False,
                                    array_size=0,
                                    kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                    is_pointer=False,
                                    handwritten=False,
                                    enums=[   (   'k_EGamepadTextInputModeNormal',
                                                  0),
                                              (   'k_EGamepadTextInputModePassword',
                                                  1)],
                                    properties=[],
                                    methods=[],
                                    size_for=None,
                                    buffer_size=None,
                                    is_buffer=False),
    'ELeaderboardDataRequest': Object(cpp_type='ELeaderboardDataRequest',
                                      name='ELeaderboardDataRequest',
                                      const=False,
                                      array_size=0,
                                      kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                      is_pointer=False,
                                      handwritten=False,
                                      enums=[   (   'k_ELeaderboardDataRequestGlobal',
                                                    0),
                                                (   'k_ELeaderboardDataRequestGlobalAroundUser',
                                                    1),
                                                (   'k_ELeaderboardDataRequestFriends',
                                                    2),
                                                (   'k_ELeaderboardDataRequestUsers',
                                                    3)],
                                      properties=[],
                                      methods=[],
                                      size_for=None,
                                      buffer_size=None,
                                      is_buffer=False),
    'ELeaderboardDisplayType': Object(cpp_type='ELeaderboardDisplayType',
                                      name='ELeaderboardDisplayType',
                                      const=False,
                                      array_size=0,
                                      kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                      is_pointer=False,
                                      handwritten=False,
                                      enums=[   (   'k_ELeaderboardDisplayTypeNone',
                                                    0),
                                                (   'k_ELeaderboardDisplayTypeNumeric',
                                                    1),
                                                (   'k_ELeaderboardDisplayTypeTimeSeconds',
                                                    2),
                                                (   'k_ELeaderboardDisplayTypeTimeMilliSeconds',
                                                    3)],
                                      properties=[],
                                      methods=[],
                                      size_for=None,
                                      buffer_size=None,
                                      is_buffer=False),
    'ELeaderboardSortMethod': Object(cpp_type='ELeaderboardSortMethod',
                                     name='ELeaderboardSortMethod',
                                     const=False,
                                     array_size=0,
                                     kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                     is_pointer=False,
                                     handwritten=False,
                                     enums=[   (   'k_ELeaderboardSortMethodNone',
                                                   0),
                                               (   'k_ELeaderboardSortMethodAscending',
                                                   1),
                                               (   'k_ELeaderboardSortMethodDescending',
                                                   2)],
                                     properties=[],
                                     methods=[],
                                     size_for=None,
                                     buffer_size=None,
                                     is_buffer=False),
    'ELeaderboardUploadScoreMethod': Object(cpp_type='ELeaderboardUploadScoreMethod',
                                            name='ELeaderboardUploadScoreMethod',
                                            const=False,
                                            array_size=0,
                                            kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                            is_pointer=False,
                                            handwritten=False,
                                            enums=[   (   'k_ELeaderboardUploadScoreMethodNone',
                                                          0),
                                                      (   'k_ELeaderboardUploadScoreMethodKeepBest',
                                                          1),
                                                      (   'k_ELeaderboardUploadScoreMethodForceUpdate',
                                                          2)],
                                            properties=[],
                                            methods=[],
                                            size_for=None,
                                            buffer_size=None,
                                            is_buffer=False),
    'ENotificationPosition': Object(cpp_type='ENotificationPosition',
                                    name='ENotificationPosition',
                                    const=False,
                                    array_size=0,
                                    kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                    is_pointer=False,
                                    handwritten=False,
                                    enums=[   ('k_EPositionTopLeft', 0),
                                              ('k_EPositionTopRight', 1),
                                              ('k_EPositionBottomLeft', 2),
                                              ('k_EPositionBottomRight', 3)],
                                    properties=[],
                                    methods=[],
                                    size_for=None,
                                    buffer_size=None,
                                    is_buffer=False),
    'ESteamAPICallFailure': Object(cpp_type='ESteamAPICallFailure',
                                   name='ESteamAPICallFailure',
                                   const=False,
                                   array_size=0,
                                   kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                   is_pointer=False,
                                   handwritten=False,
                                   enums=[   ('k_ESteamAPICallFailureNone', -1),
                                             (   'k_ESteamAPICallFailureSteamGone',
                                                 0),
                                             (   'k_ESteamAPICallFailureNetworkFailure',
                                                 1),
                                             (   'k_ESteamAPICallFailureInvalidHandle',
                                                 2),
                                             (   'k_ESteamAPICallFailureMismatchedCallback',
                                                 3)],
                                   properties=[],
                                   methods=[],
                                   size_for=None,
                                   buffer_size=None,
                                   is_buffer=False),
    'ESteamIPv6ConnectivityProtocol': Object(cpp_type='ESteamIPv6ConnectivityProtocol',
                                             name='ESteamIPv6ConnectivityProtocol',
                                             const=False,
                                             array_size=0,
                                             kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                             is_pointer=False,
                                             handwritten=False,
                                             enums=[   (   'k_ESteamIPv6ConnectivityProtocol_Invalid',
                                                           0),
                                                       (   'k_ESteamIPv6ConnectivityProtocol_HTTP',
                                                           1),
                                                       (   'k_ESteamIPv6ConnectivityProtocol_UDP',
                                                           2)],
                                             properties=[],
                                             methods=[],
                                             size_for=None,
                                             buffer_size=None,
                                             is_buffer=False),
    'ESteamIPv6ConnectivityState': Object(cpp_type='ESteamIPv6ConnectivityState',
                                          name='ESteamIPv6ConnectivityState',
                                          const=False,
                                          array_size=0,
                                          kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                          is_pointer=False,
                                          handwritten=False,
                                          enums=[   (   'k_ESteamIPv6ConnectivityState_Unknown',
                                                        0),
                                                    (   'k_ESteamIPv6ConnectivityState_Good',
                                                        1),
                                                    (   'k_ESteamIPv6ConnectivityState_Bad',
                                                        2)],
                                          properties=[],
                                          methods=[],
                                          size_for=None,
                                          buffer_size=None,
                                          is_buffer=False),
    'ETextFilteringContext': Object(cpp_type='ETextFilteringContext',
                                    name='ETextFilteringContext',
                                    const=False,
                                    array_size=0,
                                    kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                    is_pointer=False,
                                    handwritten=False,
                                    enums=[   (   'k_ETextFilteringContextUnknown',
                                                  0),
                                              (   'k_ETextFilteringContextGameContent',
                                                  1),
                                              (   'k_ETextFilteringContextChat',
                                                  2),
                                              (   'k_ETextFilteringContextName',
                                                  3)],
                                    properties=[],
                                    methods=[],
                                    size_for=None,
                                    buffer_size=None,
                                    is_buffer=False),
    'EUniverse': Object(cpp_type='EUniverse',
                        name='EUniverse',
                        const=False,
                        array_size=0,
                        kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                        is_pointer=False,
                        handwritten=False,
                        enums=[   ('k_EUniverseInvalid', 0),
                                  ('k_EUniversePublic', 1),
                                  ('k_EUniverseBeta', 2),
                                  ('k_EUniverseInternal', 3),
                                  ('k_EUniverseDev', 4),
                                  ('k_EUniverseMax', 5)],
                        properties=[],
                        methods=[],
                        size_for=None,
                        buffer_size=None,
                        is_buffer=False),
    'ISteamUserStats': Object(cpp_type='ISteamUserStats',
                              name='',
                              const=False,
                              array_size=0,
                              kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                              is_pointer=False,
                              handwritten=False,
                              enums=[],
                              properties=[],
                              methods=[   Method(_name='RequestCurrentStats',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetStat',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='int '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pData',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix='i'),
                                          Method(_name='GetStat',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='float '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pData',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.REAL: 5>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix='f'),
                                          Method(_name='SetStat',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                                   name='nData',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix='i'),
                                          Method(_name='SetStat',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='float',
                                                                   name='fData',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.REAL: 5>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix='f'),
                                          Method(_name='UpdateAvgRateStat',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='float',
                                                                   name='flCountThisSession',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.REAL: 5>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='double',
                                                                   name='dSessionLength',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.REAL: 5>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetAchievement',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='bool '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pbAchieved',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='SetAchievement',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='ClearAchievement',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetAchievementAndUnlockTime',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='bool '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pbAchieved',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'int '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='punUnlockTime',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='StoreStats',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetAchievementIcon',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetAchievementDisplayAttribute',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                             'char '
                                                                             '*',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                    is_pointer=True,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchKey',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='IndicateAchievementProgress',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'int',
                                                                   name='nCurProgress',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'int',
                                                                   name='nMaxProgress',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetNumAchievements',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='uint32',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetAchievementName',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                             'char '
                                                                             '*',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                    is_pointer=True,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'int',
                                                                   name='iAchievement',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='RequestUserStats',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='SteamAPICall_t',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='CSteamID',
                                                                   name='steamIDUser',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetUserStat',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='CSteamID',
                                                                   name='steamIDUser',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='int '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pData',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix='i'),
                                          Method(_name='GetUserStat',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='CSteamID',
                                                                   name='steamIDUser',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='float '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pData',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.REAL: 5>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix='f'),
                                          Method(_name='GetUserAchievement',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='CSteamID',
                                                                   name='steamIDUser',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='bool '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pbAchieved',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetUserAchievementAndUnlockTime',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='CSteamID',
                                                                   name='steamIDUser',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='bool '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pbAchieved',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'int '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='punUnlockTime',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='ResetAllStats',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                   name='bAchievementsToo',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='FindOrCreateLeaderboard',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='SteamAPICall_t',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchLeaderboardName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='ELeaderboardSortMethod',
                                                                   name='eLeaderboardSortMethod',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='ELeaderboardDisplayType',
                                                                   name='eLeaderboardDisplayType',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='FindLeaderboard',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='SteamAPICall_t',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchLeaderboardName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetLeaderboardName',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                             'char '
                                                                             '*',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                    is_pointer=True,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'long '
                                                                            'long',
                                                                   name='hSteamLeaderboard',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetLeaderboardEntryCount',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'long '
                                                                            'long',
                                                                   name='hSteamLeaderboard',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetLeaderboardSortMethod',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='ELeaderboardSortMethod',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'long '
                                                                            'long',
                                                                   name='hSteamLeaderboard',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetLeaderboardDisplayType',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='ELeaderboardDisplayType',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'long '
                                                                            'long',
                                                                   name='hSteamLeaderboard',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='DownloadLeaderboardEntries',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='SteamAPICall_t',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'long '
                                                                            'long',
                                                                   name='hSteamLeaderboard',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='ELeaderboardDataRequest',
                                                                   name='eLeaderboardDataRequest',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                                   name='nRangeStart',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                                   name='nRangeEnd',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='DownloadLeaderboardEntriesForUsers',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='SteamAPICall_t',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'long '
                                                                            'long',
                                                                   name='hSteamLeaderboard',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='CSteamID '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='prgUsers',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                                   name='cUsers',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetDownloadedLeaderboardEntry',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'long '
                                                                            'long',
                                                                   name='hSteamLeaderboardEntries',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                                   name='index',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='LeaderboardEntry_t '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pLeaderboardEntry',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='int '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pDetails',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                                   name='cDetailsMax',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='UploadLeaderboardScore',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='SteamAPICall_t',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'long '
                                                                            'long',
                                                                   name='hSteamLeaderboard',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='ELeaderboardUploadScoreMethod',
                                                                   name='eLeaderboardUploadScoreMethod',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                                   name='nScore',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'int '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pScoreDetails',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                                   name='cScoreDetailsCount',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='AttachLeaderboardUGC',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='SteamAPICall_t',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'long '
                                                                            'long',
                                                                   name='hSteamLeaderboard',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'long '
                                                                            'long',
                                                                   name='hUGC',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetNumberOfCurrentPlayers',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='SteamAPICall_t',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='RequestGlobalAchievementPercentages',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='SteamAPICall_t',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetMostAchievedAchievementInfo',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'int',
                                                                   name='unNameBufLen',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='float '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pflPercent',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.REAL: 5>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='bool '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pbAchieved',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetNextMostAchievedAchievementInfo',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                                   name='iIteratorPrevious',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                            'int',
                                                                   name='unNameBufLen',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='float '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pflPercent',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.REAL: 5>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='bool '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pbAchieved',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetAchievementAchievedPercent',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='float '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pflPercent',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.REAL: 5>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='RequestGlobalStats',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='SteamAPICall_t',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                                   name='nHistoryDays',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=False,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix=''),
                                          Method(_name='GetGlobalStat',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchStatName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='long '
                                                                            'long '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pData',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix='l'),
                                          Method(_name='GetGlobalStat',
                                                 return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                    name='',
                                                                    const=False,
                                                                    array_size=-1,
                                                                    kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                    is_pointer=False,
                                                                    handwritten=False,
                                                                    enums=[],
                                                                    properties=[   ],
                                                                    methods=[],
                                                                    size_for=None,
                                                                    buffer_size=None,
                                                                    is_buffer=False),
                                                 params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                            'char '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pchStatName',
                                                                   const=True,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False),
                                                            Object(cpp_type='double '
                                                                            '*',
                                                                   name='pData',
                                                                   const=False,
                                                                   array_size=-1,
                                                                   kind=<Type.REAL: 5>,
                                                                   is_pointer=True,
                                                                   handwritten=False,
                                                                   enums=[],
                                                                   properties=[   ],
                                                                   methods=[],
                                                                   size_for=None,
                                                                   buffer_size=None,
                                                                   is_buffer=False)],
                                                 overload_suffix='d')],
                              size_for=None,
                              buffer_size=None,
                              is_buffer=False),
    'ISteamUtils': Object(cpp_type='ISteamUtils',
                          name='',
                          const=False,
                          array_size=0,
                          kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                          is_pointer=False,
                          handwritten=False,
                          enums=[],
                          properties=[],
                          methods=[   Method(_name='GetSecondsSinceAppActive',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='uint32',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='GetSecondsSinceComputerActive',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='uint32',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='GetConnectedUniverse',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='EUniverse',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='GetServerRealTime',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='uint32',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='GetIPCountry',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                         'char '
                                                                         '*',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                is_pointer=True,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='GetImageSize',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[   Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                               name='iImage',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                        'int *',
                                                               name='pnWidth',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=True,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                        'int *',
                                                               name='pnHeight',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=True,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False)],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='GetImageRGBA',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[   Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                               name='iImage',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                        'char '
                                                                        '*',
                                                               name='pubDest',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=True,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                               name='nDestBufferSize',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False)],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='GetCurrentBatteryPower',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='uint8',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='GetAppID',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='uint32',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='SetOverlayNotificationPosition',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='void',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.VOID: 0>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[   Object(cpp_type='ENotificationPosition',
                                                               name='eNotificationPosition',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False)],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='IsAPICallCompleted',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                        'long '
                                                                        'long',
                                                               name='hSteamAPICall',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='bool '
                                                                        '*',
                                                               name='pbFailed',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                               is_pointer=True,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False)],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='GetAPICallFailureReason',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='ESteamAPICallFailure',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                        'long '
                                                                        'long',
                                                               name='hSteamAPICall',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False)],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='GetIPCCallCount',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='uint32',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='IsOverlayEnabled',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='BOverlayNeedsPresent',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='CheckFileSignature',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='SteamAPICall_t',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[   Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                        'char '
                                                                        '*',
                                                               name='szFileName',
                                                               const=True,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                               is_pointer=True,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False)],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='ShowGamepadTextInput',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[   Object(cpp_type='EGamepadTextInputMode',
                                                               name='eInputMode',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='EGamepadTextInputLineMode',
                                                               name='eLineInputMode',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                        'char '
                                                                        '*',
                                                               name='pchDescription',
                                                               const=True,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                               is_pointer=True,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                        'int',
                                                               name='unCharMax',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                        'char '
                                                                        '*',
                                                               name='pchExistingText',
                                                               const=True,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                               is_pointer=True,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False)],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='GetEnteredGamepadTextLength',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='uint32',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='GetEnteredGamepadTextInput',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[   Object(cpp_type='char '
                                                                        '*',
                                                               name='pchText',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=True,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                        'int',
                                                               name='cchText',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False)],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='GetSteamUILanguage',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                         'char '
                                                                         '*',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                                is_pointer=True,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='IsSteamRunningInVR',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='SetOverlayNotificationInset',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='void',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.VOID: 0>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[   Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                               name='nHorizontalInset',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                               name='nVerticalInset',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False)],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='IsSteamInBigPictureMode',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='StartVRDashboard',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='void',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.VOID: 0>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='IsVRHeadsetStreamingEnabled',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='SetVRHeadsetStreamingEnabled',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='void',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.VOID: 0>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[   Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                               name='bEnabled',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False)],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='IsSteamChinaLauncher',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='InitFilterText',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[   Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                        'int',
                                                               name='unFilterOptions',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False)],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='FilterText',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[   Object(cpp_type='ETextFilteringContext',
                                                               name='eContext',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='CSteamID',
                                                               name='sourceSteamID',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='const '
                                                                        'char '
                                                                        '*',
                                                               name='pchInputMessage',
                                                               const=True,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                                                               is_pointer=True,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='char '
                                                                        '*',
                                                               name='pchOutFilteredText',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=True,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='unsigned '
                                                                        'int',
                                                               name='nByteSizeOutFilteredText',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False)],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='GetIPv6ConnectivityState',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='ESteamIPv6ConnectivityState',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[   Object(cpp_type='ESteamIPv6ConnectivityProtocol',
                                                               name='eProtocol',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False)],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='IsSteamRunningOnSteamDeck',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='ShowFloatingGamepadTextInput',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[   Object(cpp_type='EFloatingGamepadTextInputMode',
                                                               name='eKeyboardMode',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.ENUM: 7>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                               name='nTextFieldXPosition',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                               name='nTextFieldYPosition',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                               name='nTextFieldWidth',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False),
                                                        Object(cpp_type='int',
                                                               name='nTextFieldHeight',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False)],
                                             overload_suffix=''),
                                      Method(_name='SetGameLauncherMode',
                                             return_type=Object(cpp_type='void',
                                                                name='',
                                                                const=False,
                                                                array_size=-1,
                                                                kind=<Type.VOID: 0>,
                                                                is_pointer=False,
                                                                handwritten=False,
                                                                enums=[],
                                                                properties=[],
                                                                methods=[],
                                                                size_for=None,
                                                                buffer_size=None,
                                                                is_buffer=False),
                                             params=[   Object(cpp_type='bool',
                                                               name='bLauncherMode',
                                                               const=False,
                                                               array_size=-1,
                                                               kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                                                               is_pointer=False,
                                                               handwritten=False,
                                                               enums=[],
                                                               properties=[],
                                                               methods=[],
                                                               size_for=None,
                                                               buffer_size=None,
                                                               is_buffer=False)],
                                             overload_suffix='')],
                          size_for=None,
                          buffer_size=None,
                          is_buffer=False),
    'LeaderboardEntry_t *': Object(cpp_type='LeaderboardEntry_t *',
                                   name='pLeaderboardEntry',
                                   const=False,
                                   array_size=-1,
                                   kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                                   is_pointer=True,
                                   handwritten=False,
                                   enums=[],
                                   properties=[],
                                   methods=[],
                                   size_for=None,
                                   buffer_size=None,
                                   is_buffer=False),
    'SteamAPI': Object(cpp_type='SteamAPI',
                       name='',
                       const=False,
                       array_size=0,
                       kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                       is_pointer=False,
                       handwritten=True,
                       enums=[],
                       properties=[],
                       methods=[],
                       size_for=None,
                       buffer_size=None,
                       is_buffer=False),
    'SteamAPICall_t': Object(cpp_type='SteamAPICall_t',
                             name='',
                             const=False,
                             array_size=0,
                             kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                             is_pointer=False,
                             handwritten=True,
                             enums=[],
                             properties=[],
                             methods=[],
                             size_for=None,
                             buffer_size=None,
                             is_buffer=False),
    'bool': Object(cpp_type='bool',
                   name='',
                   const=False,
                   array_size=-1,
                   kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                   is_pointer=False,
                   handwritten=False,
                   enums=[],
                   properties=[],
                   methods=[],
                   size_for=None,
                   buffer_size=None,
                   is_buffer=False),
    'bool *': Object(cpp_type='bool *',
                     name='pbFailed',
                     const=False,
                     array_size=-1,
                     kind=<Type.BOOL: 4>,
                     is_pointer=True,
                     handwritten=False,
                     enums=[],
                     properties=[],
                     methods=[],
                     size_for=None,
                     buffer_size=None,
                     is_buffer=False),
    'char *': Object(cpp_type='char *',
                     name='pchBuffer',
                     const=False,
                     array_size=-1,
                     kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                     is_pointer=True,
                     handwritten=False,
                     enums=[],
                     properties=[],
                     methods=[],
                     size_for=None,
                     buffer_size=None,
                     is_buffer=False),
    'const char *': Object(cpp_type='const char *',
                           name='pchVersion',
                           const=True,
                           array_size=-1,
                           kind=<Type.STRING: 6>,
                           is_pointer=True,
                           handwritten=False,
                           enums=[],
                           properties=[],
                           methods=[],
                           size_for=None,
                           buffer_size=None,
                           is_buffer=False),
    'const int *': Object(cpp_type='const int *',
                          name='pScoreDetails',
                          const=True,
                          array_size=-1,
                          kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                          is_pointer=True,
                          handwritten=False,
                          enums=[],
                          properties=[],
                          methods=[],
                          size_for=None,
                          buffer_size=None,
                          is_buffer=False),
    'double': Object(cpp_type='double',
                     name='m_d',
                     const=False,
                     array_size=-1,
                     kind=<Type.REAL: 5>,
                     is_pointer=False,
                     handwritten=False,
                     enums=[],
                     properties=[],
                     methods=[],
                     size_for=None,
                     buffer_size=None,
                     is_buffer=False),
    'double *': Object(cpp_type='double *',
                       name='pData',
                       const=False,
                       array_size=-1,
                       kind=<Type.REAL: 5>,
                       is_pointer=True,
                       handwritten=False,
                       enums=[],
                       properties=[],
                       methods=[],
                       size_for=None,
                       buffer_size=None,
                       is_buffer=False),
    'float': Object(cpp_type='float',
                    name='flTimePlayed',
                    const=False,
                    array_size=-1,
                    kind=<Type.REAL: 5>,
                    is_pointer=False,
                    handwritten=False,
                    enums=[],
                    properties=[],
                    methods=[],
                    size_for=None,
                    buffer_size=None,
                    is_buffer=False),
    'float *': Object(cpp_type='float *',
                      name='pData',
                      const=False,
                      array_size=-1,
                      kind=<Type.REAL: 5>,
                      is_pointer=True,
                      handwritten=False,
                      enums=[],
                      properties=[],
                      methods=[],
                      size_for=None,
                      buffer_size=None,
                      is_buffer=False),
    'int': Object(cpp_type='int',
                  name='',
                  const=False,
                  array_size=-1,
                  kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                  is_pointer=False,
                  handwritten=False,
                  enums=[],
                  properties=[],
                  methods=[],
                  size_for=None,
                  buffer_size=None,
                  is_buffer=False),
    'int *': Object(cpp_type='int *',
                    name='phSteamPipe',
                    const=False,
                    array_size=-1,
                    kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                    is_pointer=True,
                    handwritten=False,
                    enums=[],
                    properties=[],
                    methods=[],
                    size_for=None,
                    buffer_size=None,
                    is_buffer=False),
    'long long *': Object(cpp_type='long long *',
                          name='pData',
                          const=False,
                          array_size=-1,
                          kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                          is_pointer=True,
                          handwritten=False,
                          enums=[],
                          properties=[],
                          methods=[],
                          size_for=None,
                          buffer_size=None,
                          is_buffer=False),
    'uint32': Object(cpp_type='uint32',
                     name='',
                     const=False,
                     array_size=0,
                     kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                     is_pointer=False,
                     handwritten=False,
                     enums=[],
                     properties=[],
                     methods=[],
                     size_for=None,
                     buffer_size=None,
                     is_buffer=False),
    'uint64': Object(cpp_type='uint64',
                     name='',
                     const=False,
                     array_size=0,
                     kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                     is_pointer=False,
                     handwritten=False,
                     enums=[],
                     properties=[],
                     methods=[],
                     size_for=None,
                     buffer_size=None,
                     is_buffer=False),
    'uint8': Object(cpp_type='uint8',
                    name='',
                    const=False,
                    array_size=0,
                    kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                    is_pointer=False,
                    handwritten=False,
                    enums=[],
                    properties=[],
                    methods=[],
                    size_for=None,
                    buffer_size=None,
                    is_buffer=False),
    'unsigned char *': Object(cpp_type='unsigned char *',
                              name='m_pubParam',
                              const=False,
                              array_size=-1,
                              kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                              is_pointer=True,
                              handwritten=False,
                              enums=[],
                              properties=[],
                              methods=[],
                              size_for=None,
                              buffer_size=None,
                              is_buffer=False),
    'unsigned int': Object(cpp_type='unsigned int',
                           name='unAccountID',
                           const=False,
                           array_size=-1,
                           kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                           is_pointer=False,
                           handwritten=False,
                           enums=[],
                           properties=[],
                           methods=[],
                           size_for=None,
                           buffer_size=None,
                           is_buffer=False),
    'unsigned int *': Object(cpp_type='unsigned int *',
                             name='pcbCompressed',
                             const=False,
                             array_size=-1,
                             kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                             is_pointer=True,
                             handwritten=False,
                             enums=[],
                             properties=[],
                             methods=[],
                             size_for=None,
                             buffer_size=None,
                             is_buffer=False),
    'unsigned long long': Object(cpp_type='unsigned long long',
                                 name='ulIdentifier',
                                 const=False,
                                 array_size=-1,
                                 kind=<Type.INTEGER: 3>,
                                 is_pointer=False,
                                 handwritten=False,
                                 enums=[],
                                 properties=[],
                                 methods=[],
                                 size_for=None,
                                 buffer_size=None,
                                 is_buffer=False),
    'void': Object(cpp_type='void',
                   name='',
                   const=False,
                   array_size=0,
                   kind=<Type.OBJECT: 1>,
                   is_pointer=False,
                   handwritten=True,
                   enums=[],
                   properties=[],
                   methods=[],
                   size_for=None,
                   buffer_size=None,
                   is_buffer=False)}
